# Directory Structure

- [Directory Structure](#directory-structure)
    - [Introduction](#introduction)
    - [The Root Directory](#the-root-directory)
        - [The App Directory](#the-app-directory)
        - [The Bin Directory](#the-bin-directory)
        - [The Config Directory](#the-config-directory)
        - [The Database Directory](#the-database-directory)
        - [The Public Directory](#the-public-directory)
        - [The Resources Directory](#the-resources-directory)
        - [The Routes Directory](#the-routes-directory)
        - [The Storage Directory](#the-storage-directory)
    - [The App Directory](#the-app-directory)
        - [The Console Directory](#the-console-directory)
        - [The Events Directory](#the-events-directory)
        - [The Listeners Directory](#the-listeners-directory)
        - [The Middlewares Directory](#the-middlewares-directory)
        - [The Notifications Directory](#the-notifications-directory)
        - [The Providers Directory](#the-providers-directory)
        - [The Repositories Directory](#the-repositories-directory)
        - [The Transformers Directory](#the-transformers-directory)
        - [The Validators Directory](#the-validators-directory)

<a name="introduction"></a>

## Introduction

The default nsilly application structure is intended to provide a great starting point for both large and small applications. Of course, you are free to organize your application however you like.

<a name="the-root-directory"></a>

## The Root Directory

<a name="the-root-app-directory"></a>

### The App Directory

The `app` directory, as you might expect, contains the core code of your application. We'll explore this directory in more detail soon; however, almost all of the classes in your application will be in this directory.

<a name="the-bin-directory"></a>

### The Bin Directory

The `bin` directory, that contain start script of your application.

<a name="the-config-directory"></a>

### The Config Directory

The `config` directory, as the name implies, contains all of your application's configuration files. It's a great idea to read through all of these files and familiarize yourself with all of the options available to you.

<a name="the-database-directory"></a>

### The Database Directory

The `database` directory contains your database migrations, model factories, and seeds. If you wish, you may also use this directory to hold an SQLite database.

<a name="the-public-directory"></a>

### The Public Directory

The `public` directory is the public entry point. This directory also houses your assets such as images, JavaScript, and CSS.

<a name="the-resources-directory"></a>

### The Resources Directory

The `resources` directory contains your views as well as your raw, un-compiled assets such as LESS, SASS, or JavaScript. This directory also houses all of your language files.

<a name="the-routes-directory"></a>

### The Routes Directory

The `routes` directory contains all of the route definitions for your application.

<a name="the-storage-directory"></a>

### The Storage Directory

The `storage` directory contains your logs, caches, and other files generated by the framework.

<a name="the-app-directory"></a>

## The App Directory

The majority of your application is housed in the `app` directory.

The `app` directory contains a variety of additional directories such as `Console`, `Repositories`, and `Transformers` that's provide some core API of your application.

<a name="the-console-directory"></a>

### The Console Directory

The `Console` directory contains all of the custom commands for your application. These commands may be generated using the `make:command` command. This directory also houses your console kernel, which is where your custom commands are registered.

<a name="the-events-directory"></a>

### The Events Directory

The `Events` directory, as you might expect, houses [event classes](/docs/{{version}}/events). Events may be used to alert other parts of your application that a given action has occurred, providing a great deal of flexibility and decoupling.

<a name="the-listeners-directory"></a>

### The Listeners Directory

The `Listeners` directory contains the classes that handle your [events](/docs/{{version}}/events). Event listeners receive an event instance and perform logic in response to the event being fired. For example, a `UserRegistered` event might be handled by a `SendWelcomeEmail` listener.

<a name="the-middlewares-directory"></a>

### The Middlewares Directory

The `Middlewares` directory contains all of your application middlware.

<a name="the-notifications-directory"></a>

### The Notifications Directory

The `Notifications` directory contains all of the "transactional" notifications that are sent by your application, such as simple notifications about events that happen within your application. Laravel's notification features abstracts sending notifications over a variety of drivers such as email, SMS, or stored in a database.

<a name="the-providers-directory"></a>

### The Providers Directory

The `Providers` directory contains all of the [service providers](/docs/{{version}}/providers) for your application. Service providers bootstrap your application by binding services in the service container, registering events, or performing any other tasks to prepare your application for incoming requests.

In a fresh Laravel application, this directory will already contain several providers. You are free to add your own providers to this directory as needed.

<a name="the-repositories-directory"></a>

### The Repositories Directory

The `Repositories` directory contains the custom repository class, that's abstract the data layer, making our application more flexible to maintain.

<a name="the-transformers-directory"></a>

### The Transformers Directory

The `Transformers` directory contains the custom transformer class, that's transformation layer for complex data output.

<a name="the-validators-directory"></a>

### The Validators Directory

The `Validators` directory contains the custom validator class, that provides several different approaches to validate your application's incoming data
